Lead the gang! Lead the gang!
sorry. He doesn't get married.
He's not in good spirits.
Is getting married related to poor mental health?
Amazingly good people will not get married.
Is this mission related to towels?
Then I must be crazy. You can't understand me.
Crazy? Why should I be considerate?
Where is the manager? Where is the manager? Where is the manager?
Little boss! Little boss! Little boss!
Little boss, you said it was upstairs,
Dear guest, why is there another explosion here?
You two go outside and wait.
But this matter cannot be left alone.
Yes, yes, Boss Xiao
Even better
Boss Xiao apologizes
Apologizing is useless
what do you want to do
Throw the towel, right?
You have your own skills, right?
Let them both finish the water
Come talk to me again
Okay, you check
you you you
Give Boss Xiao 12, hurry up
This director is really bad